bounties/level-1/create-bounties.md, before:

# Creating Bounty Suggestions

| Hunter | Agent
| :- | :-
| 200 XLM per bounty | 0 Credits (success will be determined by PR acceptance)

## Description

### What is this task?

This task involves suggesting useful bounties to the Stellar Quest Bounty repository.  
This is achieved by creating a PR in said repository adding a markdown file describing the suggested task.  
The given template file for bounties must be used as a baseline template.

The level and payout should be determined by difficulty / effort of the task given.  

Typical bounty payout include:  
| Level | XLM Payout | Credit payout
| :-    | :-         | :-
| 1     | <500       | 2
| 2     | 500-5000   | 2-10
| 3     | >5000      | >10

(These may change over time)  

The submitted Markdown file must be placed in the correct folder for the given difficulty.
### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The suggested task should be useful to the Stellar ecosystem.

### What are the deliverables?

*Description*  <br>
  * The developer should provide a completed pull request that has been reviewed and accepted by the moderators
  
*Submission Procedure* <br>
  * Submit a PR editing this file by appending a link to your _accepted_ pull request beneath `Submissions`.

## Links

- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties

## Example
- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/pull/13
- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/pull/9

## Submissions

Commit message:

Update create-bounties to inherit new standards

bounties/level-1/create-bounties.md, after:

# Creating Bounty Suggestions

| Hunter | Agent | Type
| :- | :- | :-
| 200 XLM per submission | 0 Credits | Continuous

## Description

### What is this task?

The quintessence of Stellar Quest Bounties are - *drumroll* - the bounties!  
To be able to provide interesting but also useful projects every idea is desirable.  
To do justice to the idea of Stellar Quest Bounties, what else than to host a bounty hunt to create new bounties! _Bounty-ception!_  

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?
This task involves suggesting useful bounties to the Stellar Quest Bounty repository.  
_Suggested bounties must be related to the Stellar ecosystem._

Following standards are to be incorporated:
 
* The [given template file](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/README.md) must be used as a baseline for all submissions.

* The level and payout should be determined by difficulty / effort of the task given.  

* Typical payouts and difficulty assessments for each level can be found in the related `level-{n}/README.md`
  - [Level 1](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-1/README.md)
  - [Level 2](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-2/README.md)
  - [Level 3](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-3/README.md)

* The submitted Markdown file must be placed in the folder of the given difficulty and named after the bounty title. Example given: `level-{n}/my-bounty-name.md`.

Overall there is a lot of freedom regarding possible quests therefor: be creative!  

### What are the deliverables?

#### Description
  - The developer must provide a PR to the [SQ Bounties Repository](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties) adding the Markdown file describing the proposed bounty.
#### Review Criteria
  - The bounty is considered to be complete as soon as the PR is approved and merged.

## Links

- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties

## Example
- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/pull/13
- https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/pull/9
