bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md, before:

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Client Reference Implementation

## Award
| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-
| 800 XLM | 800 XLM | Capped (3)

[//]: # (make sure to replace the file-name placeholders `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_NO_EXTENSION` and `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_WITH_EXTENSION` in the next two lines with the actual bounty filename)
📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Asep10-javascript-client) for this bounty. \
🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md) this bounty.

## Description

### What is this task?

The Stellar ecosystem is comprised of many different developers, validators,
organizations, individuals, etc. that work together to make the network run in a
smooth, predictable, and reliable manner. To that end, there are many
**S**tellar **E**cosystem **P**roposals (**SEP**s) that serve to instruct the
network about how certain actions should (or should not) be done.

SEP-0010 is one such SEP which dictates how Stellar web authentication is to be
done. The SEP includes instructions on how servers should be developed, what
they are expected to send/receive, as well as how clients should interact with
those servers to authenticate to the network for purposes of establishing a
session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional client-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the client in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When used, this implementation should successfully receive valid a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a SEP-0010 server.

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript and HTTP request methods.
They should feel comfortable interacting with servers through GET/POST requests.

### What are the deliverables?

#### Submission Procedure

  - The bounty hunter will submit a GitHub repository containing their SEP-0100
    client.

#### Review Criteria

  - Reviewers will attempt to receive a valid JWT from the Stellar Test Anchor.
  - Reviewers will examine the client code to ensure a clean and clear codebase.
  - Reviewers will inspect the JWT to ensure all relevant pieces are included.

## Links

- [SEP-0010 Specification](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0010.md)
- [Implementation for iOS and macOS](https://github.com/Soneso/stellar-ios-mac-sdk/blob/master/README.md#8-stellar-web-authentication)
- [Stellar Test Anchor Webauth endpoint](https://testanchor.stellar.org/auth)
- [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/)

Commit message:

Adding language to stipulate both client-home-domain scenarios to test
Signed-off-by: Elliot J. Voris <elliot@voris.me>

bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md, after:

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Client Reference Implementation

## Award
| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-
| 800 XLM | 800 XLM | Capped (3)

[//]: # (make sure to replace the file-name placeholders `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_NO_EXTENSION` and `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_WITH_EXTENSION` in the next two lines with the actual bounty filename)
📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Asep10-javascript-client) for this bounty. \
🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md) this bounty.

## Description

### What is this task?

The Stellar ecosystem is comprised of many different developers, validators,
organizations, individuals, etc. that work together to make the network run in a
smooth, predictable, and reliable manner. To that end, there are many
**S**tellar **E**cosystem **P**roposals (**SEP**s) that serve to instruct the
network about how certain actions should (or should not) be done.

SEP-0010 is one such SEP which dictates how Stellar web authentication is to be
done. The SEP includes instructions on how servers should be developed, what
they are expected to send/receive, as well as how clients should interact with
those servers to authenticate to the network for purposes of establishing a
session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional client-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the client in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When used, this implementation should successfully receive valid a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a SEP-0010 server.

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript and HTTP request methods.
They should feel comfortable interacting with servers through GET/POST requests.

### What are the deliverables?

#### Submission Procedure

  - The bounty hunter will submit a GitHub repository containing their SEP-0100
    client.

#### Review Criteria

  - Reviewers will proceed through the authentication flow both with and without
    a client home domain, ensuring a valid JWT is returned in both cases.
  - Reviewers will attempt to receive a valid JWT from the Stellar Test Anchor.
  - Reviewers will examine the client code to ensure a clean and clear codebase.
  - Reviewers will inspect the JWT to ensure all relevant pieces are included.

## Links

- [SEP-0010 Specification](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0010.md)
- [Implementation for iOS and macOS](https://github.com/Soneso/stellar-ios-mac-sdk/blob/master/README.md#8-stellar-web-authentication)
- [Stellar Test Anchor Webauth endpoint](https://testanchor.stellar.org/auth)
- [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/)
